nrf_modem_lib: lte_net_if: query actual link MTU (#19537)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Modem libraries
---------------

> * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if` now automatically sets the actual link MTU on the network interface when PDN connectivity is gained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:

  Updated the :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if` to automatically set the actual link :term:`Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU)` on the network interface when PDN connectivity is gained.
```
